Update Agent docs for lb (#830)
grafana/tempo: docs/tempo/website/grafana-agent/tail-based-sampling.md

but also run the risk of discarding relevant data that you'll later want.

In tail-based sampling, sampling decisions are made at the end of the workflow.

> The Grafana Agent groups spans by trace ID and evaluates checks its data to see
> if it meets one of the defined policies (e.g. latency or status_code).
> For instance, a policy can check if a trace contains an error, or it if it took
> longer than a certain duration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make a sampling decision the Grafana Agent groups spans by their trace ID
and checks whether they match at least one of the configured policies.
For instance, a policy can determine to sample traces that contain an error (`status_code`)
or have a duration longer than a configurable threshold (`latency`).
```

> The Grafana Agent groups spans by trace ID and evaluates checks its data to see
> if it meets one of the defined policies (e.g. latency or status_code).
> For instance, a policy can check if a trace contains an error, or it if it took
> longer than a certain duration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Grafana Agent groups span by trace ID and check its data to see
if it meets one of the defined policies (for example, latency or status_code).
For instance, a policy can check if a trace contains an error or if it took
longer than a certain duration.
```

>         policies:

Reviewer 3: - have we revendored otel to add additional features? can we add examples of tail based configs that use the additional features?
- Can we include some details about how you only need the load balancing if you have more than one collector?

Author: > have we revendored otel to add additional features? can we add examples of tail based configs that use the additional features?

Yes, it's on v0.30 now. Added examples for the two new policies.

> Can we include some details about how you only need the load balancing if you have more than one collector?

I think it's explained in the description, is anything missing in particular?

Reviewer: > Can we include some details about how you only need the load balancing if you have more than one collector?

Maybe we should make a separate section for load balancing? This will make it easier to distinguish between how tail sampling itself works and how you get it working with multiple agent instances.

Author: Maybe? I don't have a strong opinion about it, so I'm fine with whatever the team thinks is better in this case.

      ...
      tail_sampling:

>         policies:

Reviewer: Do we want to link to the upstream docs?
https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/blob/main/processor/tailsamplingprocessor/README.md
Especially knowing how `decision_wait` and `num_traces` work is be valuable. But maybe we can add a section for that as well here?

Author: All these configs are already well documented in the Agent config. My concern is having the same information in two places, as it may lead to outdated information very quickly. I think that users will reach the agent config docs if they want further details, but I could be wrong 🤷‍♂️

>           # It will sample traces that lasted for 100ms or more
>           - latency:
>               threshold_ms: 100
>           # It will sample traces which status code is ERROR
>           - status_code:
>               status_codes:
>                 - "ERROR"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          # sample traces that have a total duration longer than 100ms
          - latency:
              threshold_ms: 100
          # sample traces that contain at least one span with status code ERROR
          - status_code:
              status_codes:
                - "ERROR"
```
